Add a lambda to mass deploy elastio cfn stack (#70)
elastio/contrib: elastio-aws-org-elastio-cfn-deployment/README.md

# elastio-aws-org-elastio-cfn-deployment

> With this solution you can in a simple way redistribute elastio cfn deployment
> across your org.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this solution you can easily bulk-deploy the Elastio CFN across your AWS organization.
```

Reviewer 2: Done

Terraform code what implements it deploys a service catalog product, which is

> shared across the org and could be used to deploy elastio cfn stack in exiting

Reviewer 2: Done

accounts, also part of the code is a lambda that listens for new account
creation events and triggers a product provisioning in a new account.

## Requirements

- AWS
  - Control Tower should be configured along with Landing Zone
  - Make sure to run this code under credentials of the root aws account
- Tools
  - Python 3.6 or newer
  - zip
  - terraform 0.13 or newer

>   - aws cli

Reviewer 2: Done

## Usage

To deploy the solution run the following commands:

```console
terraform init
terraform plan

> terraform apply -auto-approve

Reviewer: I don't think we should include `-auto-approve` here.  Let the user review the changes and approve manually.

```

## Launching the product

> _(Both cli commands are supposed to be run under target account where the

Reviewer: Everywhere you have written `cli` replace with `CLI`.  Abbreviations in English are always ALL CAPS.

Reviewer 2: Replaced

> elastio cfn stack needs to be deployed)_

Reviewer 2: Done
